Allow crawling of items outside of domain (#14)
zytedata/zyte-spider-templates: docs/setup.rst

    ``"zyte_crawlers.middlewares.CrawlingLogsMiddleware": 1000``, to log crawl
    data in JSON format for debugging purposes.

-   Update :setting:`SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES <scrapy:SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES>` to include
    ``"zyte_crawlers.middlewares.ItemOffsiteMiddleware": 500`` and remove

>     ``"scrapy.spidermiddlewares.offsite.OffsiteMiddleware"``. This allows for the

Author: What do you think about moving this to Scrapy?

Author: Created a proposal for Scrapy in https://github.com/scrapy/scrapy/pull/6151

> -   Update :setting:`SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES <scrapy:SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES>` to include
>     ``"zyte_crawlers.middlewares.AllowOffsiteMiddleware": 500`` and remove
>     ``"scrapy.spidermiddlewares.offsite.OffsiteMiddleware"``. This allows for
>     crawling item links outside of the domain.

Reviewer: This being a default middleware, it needs to be disabled, not “removed”, which might not be clear for some users. Maybe…

```suggestion
-   Update :setting:`SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES <scrapy:SPIDER_MIDDLEWARES>` to include
    ``"zyte_spider_templates.middlewares.AllowOffsiteMiddleware": 500`` and
    ``"scrapy.spidermiddlewares.offsite.OffsiteMiddleware": None``. This allows for
    crawling item links outside of the domain.
```
